hello recipe friends today let's see
how to cook the quina this food is
very used nowadays is a pseudo
cereal rich in vitamins in fiber in
proteins and can be used as a
substitute voice or accompany him with
vegetables with meat or pucho and for this
we're going to need 250 grams of kina and
double the amount of grams what
first thing we do is soak the
insufficient amount of water and we're going
to remove
lack a shell boat she cited that
it gives a bitter taste and that part in the
that we should discard
We leave it to soak approximately 20
minutes and then we're going to discard everything from
the surface and wash it well
we put to boil twice the amount of
water that we say and we're going to add the
there in the boiling water already
we can prepare it alone or the
We can prepare with vegetables in a
broth of meat or in a broth of vegetables
when it's boiling, we cover it and go to
leave cooking over medium low heat
approximately
12 to 15 minutes
or until it completely dry
water and here when she is like that
spongy and has dried completely
Water
we test the grain and the grain this soft
is ready to consume